README.md, before:

<img src="./src/main/resources/assets/boringtweaks/icon.png" align="right" width="128px"/>

# Boring Template

This is my personal template, it's specially made for my own needs, and therefore, it doesn't consider other people's use cases (however, you can still use it if you don't like the other existing templates). This is a fork of the [Fabric Example Mod](https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-example-mod), which is more generic, therefore, a better template for regular human beings. This template also borrows [Blueprint's](https://github.com/FabLabsMC/Blueprint) GitHub Actions/Packages integration, most of the integration is directly (or indirectly) from there.

## Usage

You should be able to setup BoringTemplates for your own usage by the same way you setup the Fabric Example Mod template. The mysterious `crid` should be replaced with a real mod id and `build.gradle` must be changed in order to reflect the mod's actual repository.

<!--
## Download

This mod is available for download on the following services:

- [CurseForge (recommended)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/)
- [GitHub Releases (alternative)](https://github.com/)
- [GitHub Packages (indev releases, **use at your own risk**)](https://github.com/)
-->

## License

This template, like the original template which this is based on, is available under the CC0 license. You are free to do whatever you want with this template. A copy of the MIT license is contained in this repository as a personal utility and it isn't applied on this template.

<!-- The commented text is meant for the projects based on this template, for the license of the template, see above.

This mod is licensed under the MIT license. You can freely include the mod on any modpack with no permission.
-->

Commit message:

Prevent dumb stuff from happening

README.md, after:

<img src="./src/main/resources/assets/boringtweaks/icon.png" align="right" width="128px"/>

# Boring Tweaks

Boring Tweaks is a mod that has a collection of toggleable and configurable tweaks. The only common theme between them is that they are all focused on the client-side. There are bug-fixing tweaks, behavior-changing tweaks and silly ones meant for amusement. This mod requires the [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api) and bundles the [Fiber Config API](https://github.com/DaemonicLabs/fiber) and [Cloth Config 2](https://github.com/shedaniel/ClothConfig) in order to provide configuration.

## Download

This mod is available for download on the following services:

- [CurseForge (recommended)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/boring-tweaks)
- [GitHub Releases (alternative)](https://github.com/joaoh1/BoringTweaks/releases)

## License

This mod is licensed under the MIT license. You can freely include the mod on any modpack with no permission. Use of this mod's code on other projects is allowed as long as attribution is given.
